Introduction
Set on top rugged rocks, amidst the undulating hills and away from the hustle and bustle of city life, Rockside Resort is a little getaway where comfort and relaxation meet cordial hospitality. Our small getaway resort is intended to provide a serene atmosphere where guests can breathe in the beauty of nature and experience a cozy and memorable stay of adventure and tranquillity.

Accommodation
From affordable rooms to premium rooms, Rockside Resort offers complete privacy and a comfortable atmosphere where guests can unwind and immerse themselves in the beauty of the surroundings.

Dining:
Every meal is an experience to savor. At our resort, we believe that food is essential to life, therefore we make it good. Our culinary service is crafted with care to every meal of your choice. You can be served in the comfort and convenience of in-room dining. Our extensive room service menu features an array of culinary delights delivered straight to your room. You can also dine at our restaurant or outdoors by a crackling fireplace surrounded by the calm atmosphere.
  
Activities:
From our resort, our guests can explore the different tourist destinations of Cherrapunjee through a variety of exhilarating activities. Within the premises of Rockside resort, there are bonfire areas where guests can sit around and warm themselves during the freezing cold of winter. 

Events:
Celebrate life's special moments amidst the serene atmosphere and natural beauty at Rockside Resort. Whether planning a romantic getaway with a candlelight dinner for two or a cozy gathering with family and friends, our resort offers the perfect setting for intimate celebrations. From private parties to corporate retreats, our resort ensures every event is meticulously planned and well served for an unforgettable experience.

Conclusion:
Escape the chaos of everyday life and experience a tranquil stay at Rockside Resort, a getaway for comfort. Book your stay today and embark on a journey of discovery and delight at our resort on the rugged rocks.
